Good morning i'm good how are you hows your holiday.
That's great that's great yeah yeah yeah my turn my turn my turn soon it's just in the middle guess yeah.
Yeah i think the bad part if there's nothing changed it should be okay i mean but of course we expect change very often so i'm trying to reconstruct the database for us for easier to do yeah but we can talk about that later but yes bad part is okay and i'm starting to do some priorities.
Yeah as you can see so hows john talk us discussion with you.
What is that about of yeah yeah yeah yeah.
But what what does it do about us we can't we can't change like take a five two of i see.
What what is that.
Follow steering of yeah we do astrology cementation and vehicle file wow.
Hall hall.
Of sorry sorry i disconnected i missed like for one minute my internet is not good.
What's your idea yeah i missed that part for detail i know the headline.
Yeah claim is the worst i mean the weakest.
Because knowledge in claims.
Yeah i think.
Hi sorry about that my internet connection is not very good so i just missed that part for 30 seconds sorry.
Place i've just occupied my kids toys room okay okay.
Just a moment please hello yeah yeah thank you yeah i think so yeah at least we.
Exactly right so just to recap then so we've got the five priorities so we've got vehicle level stuff we've got cross sell we've got the renewal strategy we've got segmentation and we've got claims those are our five high level priorities and then you've got everything else that sits around that like bad and queries it center so i think to my question for you i suppose.
Is of those five topics what have you been looking at and how far have you got with them and then what more can either you or i do to get them done and i think we need to have a session because on you showing me how the bad now works because it looks like it's quite i mean obviously you made it all automated but i still need to know how to run it.
Okay before that we have some talks and okay i can show you the how be a you runs first okay.
Hopefully it won't drop okay can you see the screen now yeah i can see the screen okay us so.
Am i dropping of no okay great okay so assuming there's nothing changed which is very very bad assuming okay i'm still connecting.
I really need to redo my networking just a moment but can you see the screen.
I can see teams and cross out.
Okay i'll try again just a moment.
How about this can i can i call you later i try to join we reconnect we put all my computer and then.
Yeah try again okay yeah okay see you i'll be back when you're ready yeah okay bye all right bye.
Take for watching.
